# Overview

Finding online resources for the learning and teaching of college
mathematics is not difficult&mdash;resources abound. However, finding
resources that are readily available, field-tested in a variety of
settings, and known to be high quality is more of a challenge. This
exploration project will (1) provide materials such as textbook
content, videos, interactive applets, and instructor guides; (2)
identify optimal methods for building comprehensive,
quality-controlled, and curated libraries of freely reusable
instructional materials for college-level mathematics courses; and (3)
investigate the impact of such a library on faculty adoption of
evidence-based teaching practices. The materials will be created and
curated collaboratively, and the project will provide training in the
development and use of such content. The project will explore how this
new approach enables instructors to locate and utilize a variety of
curricular materials in the classroom.

As a starting point for a curated course, the project will focus on
linear algebra because these courses are important for real-world
applications as well as for the mathematical theory. The project team
will develop a platform for hosting and disseminating open mathematics
content, identify optimal ways to foster a collaborative approach to
content creation, and run workshops to train faculty in the use of
open content. By measuring how the open content is being used and
reused by instructors, the investigators will discover what features
of online content are especially effective at encouraging broad
adoption by mathematicians.
