The CuratedCourses project seeks to develop a new model for the creation, management, review and dissemination of open educational resources. Three workshops and two mini-courses have been held.

Workshops
	August 8-12, 2016, in San Jose
  June 7-10, 2017, in Columbus
  August 5-10, 2018, in Austin

Mini-courses at the Joint Mathematics Meetings
  January 4 & 6, 2017, in Atlanta
  January 10 & 12, 2018, in San Diego
  
Summary of workshop activities

  Developed and curated a comprehensive set of OER materials for linear algebra including videos, worksheets, pre-class activities, in-class activities, quiz questions, how-to-make videos guide. These materials are for linear algebra courses ranging from applied non-majors courses to courses for math majors. We created a system to identify hundreds of individual tags for topics
  
  
=============================  
We invite you to participate in the workshop "Curated courses in
linear algebra," to be held June 7-10 at The Ohio State University in
Columbus, Ohio.

This workshop is part of a project which is developing a new approach
to organizing educational resources on the Web.  We have chosen linear
algebra as the subject for testing this approach.  Fundamental to this
project is a complete list of every topic in an introductory linear
algebra course, along with a mapping of the dependencies between
topics.

At the workshop in June we hope to complete the work of developing
short videos, and other material, for every topic.  Once completed,
the material will be available at the website CuratedCourses.org .
(Note that the website is still under construction.  In the next month
or so we will upload the material which has already been developed.)

Efforts at the workshop will include making videos, uploading other
useful resources, and providing better ways to navigate the wealth of
material.

Funding is available to cover travel (advanced purchase economy),
hotel (arrangements will be made once we know your travel dates), and
meals (some will be provided, plus a per-diem).

The workshop will run from Wednesday morning (so Tuesday is the
arrival day) until mid afternoon on Saturday (so people will leave on
either Saturday or Sunday).

Please let us know whether or not you can participate.

CuratedCourses is based upon work supported by the National Science
Foundation under NSF DUE-1505246.  Any opinions, findings, and
conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of
the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National
Science Foundation.
